docs: update documentation to reflect kms key capability (#398)
terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-kms-all-inclusive: README.md

[![semantic-release](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20%20%F0%9F%93%A6%F0%9F%9A%80-semantic--release-e10079.svg)](https://github.com/semantic-release/semantic-release)
[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-kms-all-inclusive?logo=GitHub&sort=semver)](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-kms-all-inclusive/releases/latest)
[![Renovate enabled](https://img.shields.io/badge/renovate-enabled-brightgreen.svg)](https://renovatebot.com/)

This module combines the following Key Protect modules to create a full end-to-end key infrastructure:

- [Key Protect module](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-key-protect)
- [Key Protect key module](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-key-protect-key)
- [Key Protect key ring module](https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-key-protect-key-ring)

> The module takes a map, called `key_map`, that supports hierarchical "key rings" for a single Key Management Service (KMS) instance. Because access to key rings is managed in the KMS, you can comply with controls around least privilege (for example, [NIST AC-6](https://csrc.nist.gov/Projects/risk-management/sp800-53-controls/release-search#/control?version=4.0&number=AC-6)) and can reduce the number of access groups you need to assign. For more information about key rings, see [Grouping keys together using key rings](https://cloud.ibm.com/docs/key-protect?topic=key-protect-grouping-keys).

Reviewer: Don't capitalize `key management service`: it's not a proper name for a service, just a generic term.

│   ├── root-key-ocp-cluster-...
```

> This module supports creating key rings and keys in both HPCS and Key Protect key management services, in order to utilize this module with your HPCS instance provide the GUID of the instance in `var.existing_key_protect_instance_guid` and set `var.create_key_protect_instance` to false, any key rings or keys provided in the key map will then be created in the HPCS instance.

Author: Updated the sections above and below this to clarify the support of either key protect or HPCS, also updated this section with your suggestion

│   ├── root-key-ocp-cluster-...
```

> ## Using HPCS instead of Key Protect

Reviewer: @MatthewLemmond You might be able to reuse this text from the CBR module (in reverse): 

The module supports setting up rules for Key Protect and Hyper Protect Crypto Services. By default, the module sets rules for Hyper Protect Crypto Services, but this can be modified to use Key Protect, Hyper Protect, or both Key Protect and Hyper Protect Crypto Services using the input variable `kms_service_targeted_by_prewired_rules`

https://github.com/terraform-ibm-modules/terraform-ibm-cbr/tree/main/modules/fscloud

Author: @SirSpidey I've updated line 32 in the readme to more closely reflect this block from the CBR module, let me know if this looks good to you

You can use this module to create key rings and keys in Hyper Protect Crypto Services (HPCS) instead of Key Protect.

Provide the GUID of your HPCS instance in the `var.existing_key_protect_instance_guid` input variable, and set `var.create_key_protect_instance` to `false`. Key rings and keys that you specify in the key map are created in the HPCS instance instead of Key Protect.

## Multiple Key Protect instances, and potential future directions for this module

The strings `cos-bucket` and `ocp-cluster` are the cluster IDs for Cloud Object Storage and for the OpenShift Container Platform.

> The module supports only a single KMS instance and creates the key topology in that instance. It doesn't create multiple Key Protect instances, or support key rings and keys across multiple HPCS instances. However, in a typical production environment, services might need multiple Key Protect or HPCS instances for compliance reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The module supports only a single KMS instance and creates the key topology in that instance. The module code doesn't create multiple Key Protect instances or support key rings and keys across multiple HPCS instances. 
```

> For example, you might need isolation between regulatory boundaries (for example, between FedRamp and everything else). Or you might be required to isolate keys that are used by a service's control plane from the data plane (for example, with IBM Cloud Databases (ICD) services).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a typical production environment, services might need multiple Key Protect or HPCS instances for compliance reasons. For example, you might need isolation between regulatory boundaries (for example, between FedRamp and everything else). Or you might be required to isolate keys that are used by a service's control plane from the data plane (for example, with IBM Cloud Databases (ICD) services).
```

> To achieve compliance, you can write logic to call the module multiple times to utilize multiple KMS instances.

Reviewer: If `create` is too specific, I recommend `...multiple time for multiple KMS instances.` Utilize is more complicated and less specific a word.

> One emerging pattern is to have one KMS instance per VPC. All workloads in the VPC access the KMS instance through a VPE binding. This simple approach ensures network segmentation. A drawback is that this approach creates more KMS instances than necessary, in some case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One emerging pattern is to use one KMS instance per VPC. All workloads in the VPC access the KMS instance through a VPE binding. This simple approach ensures network segmentation. A drawback is that this approach creates more KMS instances than necessary, in some case.
```

again, just trying to use words that are less generic and easier for non-native speakers to understand.
